feat: support custom bindings (#3)
wolfenrain/bolt: packages/bolt/README.md

<a href="https://github.com/wolfenrain/bolt/actions"><img src="https://github.com/wolfenrain/bolt/actions/workflows/main.yaml/badge.svg" alt="bolt"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/wolfenrain/bolt/actions"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wolfenrain/bolt/main/coverage_badge.svg" alt="coverage"></a>
<a href="https://pub.dev/packages/very_good_analysis"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/style-very_good_analysis-B22C89.svg" alt="style: very good analysis"></a>
<a href="https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-purple.svg" alt="License: MIT"></a>
</p>

---

## Documentation 📝

For documentation about Bolt, see the [docs](https://github.com/wolfenrain/bolt/tree/main/docs) section.

An example of Bolt can be found in the [example](https://github.com/wolfenrain/bolt/tree/main/example) directory.

## Quick Start 🚀

### Prerequisites 📝

In order to start using Bolt you must have the [Dart SDK][dart_install_link] installed on your machine.

### Installing 🧑‍💻

Add `bolt` to your `pubspec.yaml`:

```sh
# 📦 Install bolt from pub.dev
dart pub add bolt
```

### Creating a shared Data Object 💿

> Create a shared Data Object for the client and server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a shared `DataObject` for the client and server:
```
